In this session the group takes a smuggling escort job for [[Loki's Hand]]. It dives straight into the job and we assume the current base of operations is the [[The Black Tide Tavern]].

## Opening Monologue
This section is read immediately after one of the session introduction sections. It lays out 3 simple things;
- A sorry lot you all looked meeting up at The Black Tide Tavern, 10 years it had been since some of you saw each other and after a quick greeting it was a grim tale from each of you. Down on your luck, friendless and penniless. However hopeless it seemed a burden shared is a burden halved, maybe together you can solve the immediate problem (a hungry bellow) and then later maybe some larger issues too. After all once upon a time you all were heroes, as you cast your minds back and remember.
- Defeating the whole Scree Scree Rah clan of kobolds, eventually capturing one to identify the secret passage of the Elves.
- Overcoming the Elf soldiers and smashing the magical portal, destroying the elves and their dark magics. Freeing that poor trapped girl, what was her name again?
- Those first few steps in Upper Hammerfall, unopposed by the Elves and greeting your allies as the city fell to your hands.
That was long ago now though, as you sit in soggy row boat on loan from "Low Tide". The instructions were clear, we were to meet the smugglers north of Hammerfall a short distance. Where the river bends.
It wasn't too hard to find as they were hailed by a larger boat and shown to a cave mouth on the cliffs just above the rivers edge. You would have never found it by yourselves but sure enough behind the hedges and riverweed was a passage large enough for 1 man to walk upright. No sooner had you climbed up but the smugglers had sailed on and all you had was instructions...

"Get these packages to the Undercroft, follow the water it will lead you right. They have been wrapped but don't open them or break them! Kvarrac will have our heads....oh and be careful of the natives"

As these words faded into memory you have only one path as you look into the cave in front of you.  
## Scene 1

### Smugglers Camp
---
#### Mushroom Forest
#### Abandoned Shrine
#### Murky Lake
## Scene 3

### Betrayal
---
_scene description in italics, meant to be read aloud can also be the transitionary piece_
#### Wererats attack

## Scene 4
### Undercroft
---
_scene description in italics, meant to be read aloud can also be the transitionary piece_
#### Unload the goods

#### Meet with [[Varka]]

## Session Notes

Two package successfully delivered, each had 3 Cockatrice Eggs. - reward 50gp
Group was suspicious of Loki's Hand having a rat inside for the guild
Hantz convinced the party The Guild were after him
1 wererat died carrying a guild coin and a note saying "take care of our little problem" and 50gp
They found a +1 dagger on the wererat
The Naiad gave a water blessing to Hantz, no idea what it does yet.

The group chose to befriend the Blindheim and the Naiad and even heal them of their ailments.

Varka gave them free lodgings at the Black Tide Tavern, for now - while they were working with Lokis Hand





