Brelka fight

## Opening Monologue
This section is read immediately after one of the session introduction sections. It lays out 3 simple things;

The enormity of Loki's temple as it stretches out before you makes you feel small. It is dark and the air here is damp and heavy, its size almost weighing you down making you shrink beneath it. Torches burning in sconces intermittently breach the darkness ahead, a flicker against a giant void. Ahead faintly you can make out Brelka crouched, her arms wrapped around her knees. She sits amongst giant vases and a circular altar still wet with red around her. She mutters softly, 

*"I did what was required. It had to be done. This also must be done. I will raise us above what even Kvarrac could only dream of. We were dying down here, if only he knew everything, then he would understand. He would understand.."*

"*Come pups, into the light. Let me see you again. My how you've grown. A shame really, that you must die too.*"

She begins to stand and then horrificly her bones begin to snap and crack. They stretch and contort as her skin sprouts thickets of fur and her teeth sap and multiply. Finally a long wiry hairless tail smashes down behind her. Truly she is now monstrous and looks... hungry.  
## Scene 1

### After fighting
---
_scene description in italics, meant to be read aloud can also be the transitionary piece_
#### Lokis kiss
 a ring with a solid steel band. Set centrally on the band is a small somewhat circular adornment. Rather than protruding it resembles a recess in what looks like the shape of lips.

*A giant mural stretches across the back wall. It depicts a heavenly feast of the gods. Females and males feast and are gluttonous over both food and sex. Many people are depicted with giant penis or engaging in oral sex with one or many partners. Central to the mural is a figure with horns and a humanoid upper body while the lower body resembles a goat or horse with a giant manhood.* 

Treasure:
Lokis kiss ring
in the chest is a +1 and striking rune
Ghost Grabber gloves (+1 striking, ghost touched)
Boots of striding
Skeleton Key

## Session Notes

Gunnar put on the ring and gave loki a cheeky pash.  
Gunnar broke vases all fight (which was very indiana jones of him)  
I told the peeps they all had tie-ins with Tarod, though most are unaware of how at this stage.  
Everyone levels up to level 4!  

