They explore the catacombs some more

## Opening Monologue
The damp and stale air of this place weighs on you. Brelka finally lies dead. After all the madness, her limp unmoving form lies shattered against the cold stone of Loki's Temple. Your task is completed. Varka and your vengeance has been wrought and Loki's Hand could be reformed or die here with Brelka. You don't really know the path from here. Loki's Hand was one of the few good things which had happened recently. 

You remember Brelka's words as she shouted them at Tarod.
_"You wanted them dead! They're dead! My friends—my friends—you_ wanted this, Tarod!"
You had gotten no answers from Brelka, though she had offered none, why she had betrayed the Hand, and her supposed friends. Some deal with Tarod and the Guild you guess. But hadn't they been fighting against exactly that sort. Why change sides now?
You spit on her corpse and catch a glimpse of the ring that now sits around your finger.
A pretty thing, oddly shaped, but it seems to cling to you now like it belongs. A ring you saw fall from Brelka's finger too. 

Perhaps you were too hasty to put it on. You don't really know the path from here. You reach out to pull it off. Suddenly horrendous pain envelops you, your mind repeats a scene you know. Loki's warm embrace, a hand enveloping you. Your lips meeting. His tongue transforming wrapping itself around yours. Every attempt to remove the ring, feels as though you are ripping out your own tongue.

Well, you don't really know the path from here... Perhaps once you get back to Varka, perhaps then you and your friends can learn more about this ring and figure out what else to do. You rise in the discomfort of an unknown bond to Loki. Your friends also rise, ready to move on. 
## Session Notes

We went and looked back at my traps that we skipped, the party had disabled them but didn't realise so it was enjoyable watching them jump and avoid dangers which wouldn't trigger.   
Chose to go up from the Temple of Loki. Disabled some of the traps and burned the wood barring the door. Finding a spiral staircase and another room with Eyes adorning the stone doors.  
They pushed into that room and found a group of goblins and a Barghest which they fought and killed. Riven however got inflicted with  unhealing wound and is only healed by magical healing. Each day he can attempt a new saving throw against the curse. DC 22 Fort save.  
Found lots of corpses of elves.