The PCs, Harald, Orgrim, One-Tusk and Yennen face off against the Speaker and his horde of Blood Elves.

## Session Notes

The speaker lies dead.
On his body you find numerous things, but one book which is covered in what looks like a claw and numerous strange symbols is recovered. It seems to tell of a great many things and from what you can piece together is only 5 fragments.

# Fragment I – Timeline

1. “5 nights until convergence”
2. “Midnight = alignment with original ascension”
3. “Ritual cannot be delayed”

# Fragment II – Requirements

1. “Vessel secured (Heimdall’s line confirmed)”
2. “Blood saturation incomplete – nightly harvest continues”
3. “Temples of blood recovered”
4. "Alphas reconstituted"

# Fragment III – Ritual Site

1. “Deep chamber below Upper Hammerfall”
2. “Marked by root-veins and black stone altar”
3. “Access sealed by "Pilgrimage of the 8”

# Fragment IV – Instructions

1. “Maintain pressure on surface (fear = compliance)”
2. “Capture, do not kill—weak preferred”
3. “Prepare final offerings on 5th night”

# Fragment V – Ominous Note (handwritten)

1. “She remembers the first time”
2. “The soul is not to interfere, the Forsaken will be reborn”


The party closes the Audience Chambers mighty doors and bars the doors closed. The madness of the night and the fighting and occasionally screams from outside continue for what seems an eternity. Eventually, dawn peeks into the hall and soon after a quiet and unease. Cautiously the survivors open the doors and survey the destruction of Upper Hammerfall. Other survivors are found, but they are dwarfed by the losses. Bodies stretch onwards among the streets and into buildings which clearly were overwhelmed. More concerning is the numbers unaccounted for. Victims of a crueler fate than death perhaps.

The Pact dissolves in the light of dawn. 
Norse seek safety among other Norse.
Orks withdraw to only their trusted kin.
The Elves seek the shelter of the mines and its magical enchantments and defenses.
The Guild protects and fortifies their investments. 
The city begins to bleed, as the peoples who once saw the city walls and barricades as safety now flee its nightly horrors. Those who can't flee, prepare barricades and lock their doors to all at night. 
It seems the war has been won. 
All is left to the PCs now. Everyone is too concerned with their own circumstance.

Balder agrees to assist Harald as his Steward, he departs with Harald and the other Norsemen jarls and tries to stabilise their peoples and defend them. After all Harald is still but a boy, and the other Jarls recognise Balder for his past strength. His presence will hopefully stop them from abandoning the city and returning to nomadic small tribes.

Riven, Brawn, Gunnar and Hantz focus on stopping the ritual and that means returning to the Catacombs for the remaining Runes.