aka Hannah Half Elven, aka Hannah the Forsaken
Servant of the Demon Lord Osgilliath, Pit Lord of Hel. Daughter of Heimdall and Queen Aduni Thrandurassil. 
## Story of Hannah the Forsaken

The empire of [[DresElas]] was a bastion of the high elves. Superior to all cities and proud. The noble family of [[Thrandurassil]] had long ruled over Dres elas and the known world. The young queen Aduni, had taken an even younger husband of [[Netherese]] descent, a prominent Elven house. He was not yet of an age to stand behind the queen in their marriage. When the diplomats from the outer realms came to court; the queens eye was taken with a human from the northern reaches, a mountainous folk, come to terms for trade. Heimdall, as he called himself. That name was to be cursed for together they formed a horrid union in the eyes of all. They were lovers and he flaunted her favour brazenly. This continued until the diplomat was banished by the Legion Commander back to his people. Surely suing difficult times ahead for the reaches as food was scarce and monsters plentiful.

 Many months later the queen gave birth to a hateful child. A progeny of both cultures and there was no greater a shame to the noble line. The child was banished from the royal houses and forced into a hidden family farming upon the fields. Much to the queens torment she was prevented from any communication with her daughter and the child’s noble progeny was to be hidden from her. The foster family was provided a royal tithe to keep this secret and a promise of death if it should come to light.

 Many years passed and memories and whispers of the daughter abated, the new young king grew into his duty and with the announcement of a new baby to be born to the queen all whispers of a human devil child were banished, both by decree and time.

 But not all forgot, as time passed cruelly for the placement of the babe with a farming family of elves on the outer edge of Dres’elas. The babe, which came to be known as Hannah, did not resemble her siblings any and neither did she find comfort in comparisons to other Elven children. She was short for an elf, rather too staunch and her ears softened at the tip rather than sharpened as was proper. Her siblings and the other children would call her flat ears and throw rocks at her. Hannah half Elven was cunning and stocky but mostly she held a penchant for violence which was not quartered by any moral concerns. Over time she grew in both power and viciousness. Hannah as a teen grown, would find some of those same children who would chide her. They were next found with broken skulls in a ravine a short way from town. Their closest friends swearing no knowledge of what had befallen them. As often happens in the darkest corners of cultures, sinister parties with shared ideas seek each other out. Hannah half elven had by now amassed a following; albeit mostly cutthroats and cowards, but feet on the ground nonetheless. She was sought out by a cultist, a servitor of Osgilliath. They were few in number but promised Hannah all that she desired. Power. The favour of Osgilliath the Destroyer, a pit fiend, lord of the depths of Hel. In his service she would reshape her cutthroats, her feet on the ground.

 But first was her reward. In the depths of the labyrinth beneath the old city she seized an old pagan temple of Solaris and Lunaris. On a night of a blood moon, Hannah and her cultists worked quickly. Removing her arms at the elbow and crucifying her on an inverted cross within a devils circle. The spirit of Osgilliath flowed into Hannah regrowing her arms as strong fiendish claws and morphing her other limbs grotesquely. She had been reforged in the shape of her new patron. Hannah half elven had died on that cross and Hannah the Forsaken had been born. A blessed servant of the demon lord Osgilliath.

 Sharing her blessing Hannah the Forsaken opened her veins to her cultists providing them also with gifts of their demon patron. Some fled at first, it is true, but once the blood touched their lips they were cleansed of all concerns. The cultists sprouted claws, forked their tongues or swelled to gargantuan size and were filled with a vigour and penchant for death which matched Hannah's own. An army of fiends and now cursed "Blood Elves" flowed out of the labyrinths murdering everything they encountered that night. After a time the blood of their victims was unable to quench their lust and they would return to feed from the host of their demon lord, their queen; Hannah the Forsaken.

## Recent events

- Freed from her imprisonment by the [[Elves]] in the Fall of [[DresElas]] by the party [[1.2.0 - A city overrun]]
